## 5.1 Questions About You

### 5.1.1 Decribe Yourself in one word
> I dare to say that I am liquid. Through my life I have been subject to numerous changes of environment, including where I live, what I study and what I am expected to do. Throughout my life, my I had various jobs ranging from a Korean barbecue server to a Machine Learning developer intern. While I was a Korea barbecue server, I performed well enough to get an agreement from all servers to end my low-paying training period early, and at my internships as a machine learning developer I was quick to show my abilities and was trusted to take responsibility in major parts of projects by my second week. Like liquid changes shape to fit the shape of its container, I can quickly adapt and perform in environments very quickly.

### 5.1.2 Tell me about yourself
> I am a firm believer of "nothing happens by accident." I believe every event happens for a reason, although the reasons may be so small and unnoticeable, such as the "subliminal effect" where an individual's behaviors can be affected by a stimuli that is so small that it is not conciously perceived. Thus, my interests early on in my life rested in the brain sciences and engineering, where I wanted to understand and recreate neural signals to find out how we do what we do. However, as my interest slowly leaned into finance as I started investing, I wanted to find out why and how stock prices move. Machine learning was one of the ways that I could achieve both my interest in finance and neuroscience, which is why I started studying and developing practice projects. I look to ultimately create a holistic model where I can reasonably correlate a certain event to a specific movement in the stocks, if I may be ambitious perhaps form a causal relationship by eliminating the "black boxes" of deep learning. I wish to take on the next step by building intuition by starting to build models that are "profitable" and examine them further. 

### 5.1.3 Walk me through tour resume

> Aside from my personal details and my school, let me start this from the bottom of my professional experience section. I started working during my high school years as a freelancing camera operator/reporter for a Korean television station, and slowly moved into the technology field. As I started developing things, I was fortunate enough to meet a P.E. teacher with connections at Korea Institute of Sport Science and was able to see what it was like to participate in a real-life project. Because at that point in my life I wanted to experience as many things as possible, I went ahead and started calling some group tutoring places and offered to tutor for a cheaper price if they let me take part in their operations. I was able to finally persuade one place, called EricValueNation, and participated in their marketing/tutoring operations. In addition, my job at EricValueNation was the first one in which I was able to propose and execute a project. During my freshman year, I started but failed miserably at investing my money, for which my mother cut off my allowance for a year. It is not on my resume, but that's when I worked as a server at a Korean Barbecue place. It may be irrelevant to my field of interest, yet I must say that it was one of the most valuable job experience I had, in which I learned so much about life in general. Soon, during the coronavirus pandemic, I was able to study some machine learning concepts during the time I spent at home, 